I said what is going on it's your boy
mr. Miller MLG here bringing you a new
series guess I can make it a series on
it is battlefield forward custom
loadouts to like I'm going to replicate
different military different movies
stuff like that and so today I am going
over the US Navy SEAL or DEVGRU loadout
and so let's get on into it so the
weapon of choice is hk416 but we don't
have an HK 416 exact but it is in for 16
which is basically the same thing going
with a holo sight um if you're going
into long ranges though I would suggest
getting like an acog or m 145 and sort
of scholar ok so to the accessory
laser-like combo I do not know what the
actual name for this in real life is but
I think it exists I promised because
I've seen them before and then i'm using
a heavy barrel of course you could
switch this out for suppressor if you
would like but i prefer a heavy barrel
but yeah and then I'm going with angled
grip um I you could switch it out for
like vertical grip stubby grip or or her
go grip arm but I'm going with a bag
full angled grip and so the camo for the
gun is relish and that is to replicate
the aor to camo used by Navy SEALs for
like woodland situations i guess um and
so yeah either that or if you had like a
way I don't even think they have it on
no they don't but uh okay okay okay and
so on to the secondary we're going with
the p226 also used by Navy SEALs we're
not using any radicals or like we're
just using the standard bear a lot
that's all I have to beside muzzle brake
but then I'm going with flashlights of
course if I had laser-like combo
unlocked which is a battle pack item I
would use that and um no camo and then
I'm going with the m32 ohe and um I hope
I hope I said that right because I'm
pretty far away from my TV so I can see
on but we only with it in three two ohe
headset and I hits it but I nevermind
about it it's we're going with it in
three two ohe grenade launcher the
reason I said headset was because I was
taught like my headset just done
something and so it was on my mind the
second gadget is medic bag and make sure
you're throwing those out on the
battlefield and not just like having it
there especially on operation Locker if
you have it on operation Locker you are
going to be getting tons of ribbons and
m67 frag Oh m67 frag and there's no
certain knife that they use of course
they probably wouldn't use machetes and
crap because it's huge but I'm going
with carbon fiber you could use a
bayonet or viene however you say it and
then of course if you're going to be the
medic of the team then you're going to
have to use combat medic if you're if
you're the Grenadier of the team music
Grenadier but I'm going with offensive
considering that Navy SEALs are usually
attackers and not defenders or anything
like that and then if I had marpat
desert unlocked then I would probably
use that to replicate a 0 or 1 camo used
by Navy SEALs in desert situations thank
you